hi everyone this is Hani from Chania us
today I'm gonna show you how I made a
sailboat cookies for this project I used
my sugar cookie dough recipe to make the
cookies and now so for the icing I use
fresh lemon royal icing you can find
both recipes on my youtube channel and
as you see I used brick red egg yellow
green and white and a little bit of gray
in this project
okay first thing I'm starting with
outlining and flooding the bottom of the
cookie or bottom of the boat
once you flooded the bottom with green
or any other color you chose
you need to let this dry and then we can
start building the sails and for the
sail I'm using white icing to outline
everything and then we're gonna fill the
sail with three different colors white
egg yellow and then brick color
and you can start the sale at the bottom
with white icing and then move over one
section and do the brick color icing and
then you want to let these sections dry
and then you can fill in the remaining
areas with white and also a yellow
this is a pretty straightforward design
it's very clean and crisp there's
nothing too complicated about it you
just have to wait a little bit before
each section dries so that that's gonna
probably take the most of the time but
other than that it's pretty simple
and once you're done filling in the last
section you just have to let the cook
the icing dry and then you can package
these or give them as favors or whatever
your plans are and here is the finished
cookie I hope you like this tutorial
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
also if you haven't subscribed yet you
can subscribe to my youtube channel and
you'll get all the video updates
delivered via email thanks for watching